the world
everything stays in the air
in vienna andy
Tehran
nadine
I laughed
the magazine
in the end
nothing helped me
he has called me and he has
ms
it is no longer valid
huntsman
madrid 11
everyone
rodeo ii
yes
all art
it's like this
the place
all good
no sir jesus
if you are with us
who will be against us
scicluna strengths
Who will dare to knock us down
Lord Jesus
Today we want to offer you our past
our present
and also our future
today we offer you our families
our jobs and studies
our joys
all our worries
also presides over the sr
our diseases
physical
and spiritual
we ask you sir
that the tories in your hands
and to receive us
each one of us
today Mr. Jesus
we do not find before turan to be
and being in your presence should be given
efe lima
give us your love and your voice
Lord Jesus
what shines is in the darkness that darkens our heart
give us today
at this time
here sir
the light of your truth
of your forgiveness
and of all love
help us jesus
here today
let's make the decision to resign
to everything that enslaves us
that makes us live in the darkness of sin
Lord Jesus
in your name
I want to renounce sin
I want to resign
to my unbridled passions
to my arrogance
I want to give him up
to my selfishness
I want to resign
amy superstitions
horoscope
and witchcraft
today sir
gave up everything that mixes gray
and he does not tell me anything they say my
Mr
I think it shines on the night of
in the face of indifference
of the illness
Thanos the consolation of your love
to help us
in this
our pilgrimage towards you sir
banon the strength of the holy spirit
to start living
this life of grace
without sin
give us the grace
after recognizing that in those who suffer
on the poles
in the sick
in those who are alone
forgetfulness
to adore him
they receive illegal residents
tanned and
in has been again
sunk to blair was
andoni iraola
there are ways of nothing
by
hirano
I would leave my
ia
nobody nobody is a
CD
post
the man city
in the end
nothing
yes percent well
all of april
in it like this
a